Hello and welcome to this Samsung Knox training video on getting started with Knox UAT.
Knox UAT – or User Acceptance Testing – is an opportunity for existing customers to try out new and updated Knox features
in an isolated pre-production environment, two weeks prior to the production release date.
By participating in Knox UAT, customers can get familiar with upcoming features, test the compatibilityof
new features on existing devices, and report issuesor bugs
related to new features so that they can be resolved ahead of the release date.
Knox UAT is available for most of the Knox services. However, the following products and services are not supported:
Knox Platform for Enterprise, Knox Capture, and Samsung Care+ for Business.
Before you can sign up for Knox UAT, you’ll need to ensure that your devices meet the following requirements:
They are in the supported devices list for your service, and they are running the required Knox version.
You can find a link to the supported devices list by going to samsungknox.com and selecting Solutions > Knox devices.
On the Devices Secured by Knox page, select the service you want to use, then find your devices from the list.
For most services, you’ll need devices running Android 13 OS or higher, in order to support auto-enrollment into your UAT environment.
For Knox Manage, Knox E-FOTA, and Knox Asset Intelligence specifically, you can enroll a device running an older version of Android,
by using a manual enrollment method – provided that the device meets the minimum requirements for that particular service.
If you are testing Knox Configure or Knox Mobile Enrollment,
you must have Android 13 OS or higher in order to use the UAT environment.
If you are testing devices with Knox Guard, your devices must be a Galaxy S23 or later, and running Android 13 OS or higher.
And finally, if you’re testing a device in UAT, that device must not already be enrolled into any service in the production environment.
If your test device is already enrolled in a production environment, you’ll need to unenroll before using it for UAT.
The UAT environment is completely separate from the production Samsung Knox environment.
As such, you’ll need to register for a UAT Knox account if you’re accessing the environment for the first time.
To register for a UAT Knox account, first go to: uat-www.samsungknox.com then click Enroll.
Once you’re on the UAT registration page, provide a work email address and follow the registration instructions on screen.
After you create your Samsung account and fill out your company information,
you’ll need to wait for a Samsung admin to approve your registration.
Once approved, log back in with your UAT credentials and select the services that you want to test during the UAT period.
Once your services are enabled, you’ll then need to add your devices into each service.
Adding devices to the UAT environment is easy. You simply need to raise a UAT support ticket, provide your device IMEI numbers,
and the Samsung Knox support team will take care of upload.
To create a UAT support ticket, go to the Knox Admin Portal help section in the upper-right corner, then click Submit/view support tickets.
On the next page, click SUBMIT A SUPPORT TICKET. After you accept the privacy agreements,
click SUBMIT, then on the support page, click Create a case.
In the case creation form, select Knox Mobile Enrollment as the product, enter your location, then click Next.
In step 2, in the subject line, enter [UAT] Device enrollment,
then provide your device IMEI numbers in the Description field and click Finish to submit the ticket.
Your devices will be uploaded once the support team receives the ticket.
During UAT testing, if you discover any issues, you can report them with a UAT support ticket.
Once issues are reported, the Samsung Knox team will actively review and prioritize critical issues before the end of the UAT period,
to help minimize any impact to your services, features, and devices upon the production release date.
To report an issue, go back to the help section in the Knox Admin Portal, then click Submit/view support tickets.
Then on the support page, click Create a case. Then select the product that you need help with, enter your license key,
your location, the issue severity, then click Next.
Note that a Knox Suite license key is automatically generated when you register for the UAT environment.
You can use this license key when creating the support ticket.
In step 2, ensure that you enter [UAT] followed by the issue in the subject line.
This will ensure that the issue is expedited and place in a higher priority so that it can be fixed ahead of the production release date.
In the description field, provide an explanation of the issue and any relevant images, then click Finish.
On the support page, you can view the status of your UAT ticket by clicking Support in the navbar, then selecting Case.
This concludes our video on getting started with Knox UAT.
To learn more about Knox UAT, view early access release notes, or get help at any time,
please visit the UAT documentation section at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!